Add Puppet enablement and management guide (#799)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-puppet.adoc

[id="enabling-puppet_{context}"]
= Enabling Puppet Integration with {Project}

> The installation of {Project} does not have any Puppet integration configured by default.

Reviewer: I'm unsure about configured vs enabled. I'm leaning to enabled since by default the code isn't even present.

Reviewer 2: Likewise.

> Users will need enable the approprite integration for their situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will need enable the appropriate integration for their situation.
```

Reviewer 3: > 
```suggestion
Users will need to enable the appropriate integration for their situation.
```

{Project} can be configured to manage and deploy Puppet Server on the {ProjectServer} or on a {SmartProxy}.
Additionally, Puppet Server can be deployed externally to {Project} and integrated for reporting, facts and ENC.

.Prerequisites

* Puppet integration must be first enabled on {Project} before being enabled on any {SmartProxy}.

.Procedure

. On {Project}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-plugin-puppet --enable-foreman-cli-puppet --foreman-proxy-puppet true --foreman-proxy-puppetca true --foreman-proxy-content-puppet true --enable-puppet --puppet-server true --puppet-server-foreman-ssl-ca /etc/pki/katello/puppet/puppet_client_ca.crt --puppet-server-foreman-ssl-cert /etc/pki/katello/puppet/puppet_client.crt --puppet-server-foreman-ssl-key /etc/pki/katello/puppet/puppet_client.key

Reviewer: In other places long lines are split over multiple lines.

Reviewer 2: Will take care of it.
